Request: Fix "My Story" Layout and Update Content
The Goal: Eliminate the large vertical whitespace gaps in the "My Story" section by aligning elements to the top and inserting the Quote Box inline between paragraphs. Simultaneously, update the text content to the "Master Copy" version, as the current text is missing several sentences.

Layout Instructions:

Top Alignment: Change the alignment of the two-column container (Image Left, Text Right) to align-items: flex-start (or remove any margin-top / padding-top on the right column). The text should start at the exact same vertical line as the top of the photo.

Quote Placement: Move the "Quote Box" component so that it sits inside the right-hand column, positioned between the first paragraph (ending in "...where to begin.") and the second paragraph (starting with "That first year...").

Spacing: Ensure there is standard padding (e.g., 2rem or 32px) above and below the Quote Box so it breathes, but doesn't create huge gaps.

Content Update Instructions: Replace the entire text block in the right-hand column with the content below. This includes the missing sentences about the "entrepreneur" and the "career details" that were cut off in the previous version.

The Exact Copy to Use:

HTML

<p>
  It started 16 years ago, when I graduated with an HBA from Ivey Business School. 
  I was driven, passionate and entered the "real world" with rose-coloured glasses. 
  I wanted to help make the world a better place, and I wanted to use business skills 
  and tools I learned at Ivey to do it. But there were two problems. First, the 
  economy was still recovering from the "great recession", so jobs were hard to come 
  by; and second, corporate sustainability was just beginning to evolve, and there 
  were no opportunities for new grads to get into this type of work. After graduating 
  on such a high, it felt like everything I had worked for came crashing down, and 
  I didn't know where to begin.
</p>

<div class="quote-box">
  "After graduating on such a high, it felt like everything I had worked for came 
  crashing down, and I didn't know where to begin."
</div>
<p>
  That first year after graduation turned into the most difficult and rewarding year 
  of my life. I quickly learned that submitting a resume and making some phone calls 
  wasn't going to cut it. I learned how to hustle, hard. I created an internship for 
  myself at a social purpose organization. I went to every industry event possible - 
  pushing myself to say hello to strangers. I had about 50 coffee meetings. I started 
  a blog and spent hours writing about topics I was passionate about. I developed a 
  business strategy for a seasoned entrepreneur who trusted me with his passion and 
  ideas. Twelve months later, I ended up with three job offers. I began working at a 
  boutique corporate sustainability consulting firm, advising some of Canada's biggest 
  consumer brands.
</p>

<p>
  Those twelve months didn't just lead me to my first job. They gave me the foundation 
  to navigate the following 16 years of my career. I have since worked in the non-profit, 
  government, and corporate sectors, building my way up to my current role as Vice 
  President, Sustainability at Restaurants Canada. My career has been full of successes, 
  setbacks, unexpected twists and turns that have pushed me to maneuver through 
  corporate politics and confront uncomfortable scenarios at work. Through each of my 
  three pregnancies I navigated difficult conversations, pending promotions, and job 
  changes - experiences that have only strengthened my conviction that we create our 
  own opportunities. I've been blessed to work with people who have encouraged me to 
  go for what I wanted, even when it felt uneasy or "too aggressive". I have been 
  mentored by brilliant, kind leaders and have mentored many colleagues.
</p>

<div class="cta-box">
  Throughout my career, I have always been passionate about helping others along their 
  own career paths - whether it's interview preparation, figuring out what's next, or 
  navigating through challenging issues at work. I would love to help you navigate 
  your journey.
</div>